and one day,
I brushed by a man leaving after meeting
the professor in the reception room.
I think it was about six seconds.
Then the professor let us
taste the bear bile liquor
from Bukhan Mountain that guy gifted him.
The smell of the liquor was so strong
that I could never forget it.
And I found this
in your room yesterday.
My goodness.
I'm so sorry, ma'am. I really am.
I'm well aware that I can't drink
alcohol in the dorm, but--
When I smelled this,
I remembered vividly.
That the man I brushed by
in Professor Choi's house…
was you.
No, it couldn't be me.
I have
been working
as the hall director of this dorm
for 10 years, 5 months, and 12 days now.
So don't you try to say I'm mistaken
or I must've seen wrong.
So will you report me?
You're dying of terminal cancer.
Why are you being so nosy?
I knew it. My hunch was right.
You're a Northern spy, aren't you?
As Jo Ja-lip in China,
as Korean-German Park Seung-cheol
in Germany,
as Kanemoto Tatsuya in Japan,
and as Kim Man-dong.
Do you know how I've managed
to keep my identity hidden for 30 years?
By killing everyone who found out
who I was without mercy.
All right.
I'll make an exception
and give you a final chance.
The chance to contribute
to the unification with me
and go down in history
as a revolutionary martyr
rather than die as a mere hall director
that no one would remember.
What do you say?
Is that a no?
If I have to live as a slave
to an ideology,
I choose to die as Song Hui-ju.
A slave?
It's our Supreme Leader's noble love
for the people--
Love?
They have no freedom, so how is it love?
He says he loves them,
but he deceives, exploits,
-and rules them by fear!
-You damn wench!
Even if plucking a strand of someone's
hair would make the world a better place,
a wench like you still wouldn't do it.
You're wrong!
I also
used to dream of an equal world.
Because I used to
be an enthusiastic Marxist too!
But…
The world that exists only for one person?
Does that make sense to you?
How is that an equal world?
All for one!
And one for all!
That's our party's key slogan.
We're all equal and living well
in the North.
Don't be absurd.
You must've seen and heard many things
while living as a spy,
so you must know
that only one person's truly
leading his own life in your country.
You know nothing. How dare you!
In this rotten capitalistic land,
all you care about
is eating well and living well.
Your bodily life.
But to us, our immortal, political lives
are more important.
What? Political lives?
Immortal?